faq: add GRO support info (#55)
multipath-tcp/mptcp.dev: faq.md

[#253](https://github.com/multipath-tcp/mptcp_net-next/issues/253) for more
details.

## Is GRO supported with MPTCP?

Software Generic Receive Offload (GRO) will merge packets when the MAC headers

> are identical, and only a few TCP and IP headers can differ. In other words, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are identical, but only specific TCP and IP headers can differ. In other words, if
```

the TCP options of one packet following another one are identical, they can be
merged.

MPTCP adds TCP options in each packet, but when TCP Segmentation Offload (TSO)

> is used, the same MPTCP options will be duplicated in each packet, which is
> allowed by the specifications. When such packets are received, and if all the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is used the same MPTCP options will be duplicated in each packet.
When such packets are received, and if all the
```

Author: Thanks! I kept the comma before "_the same MPTCP options will be duplicated in each packet_"

> other conditions are met, software GRO can merge all the ones linked to the same
> packet before TSO was used on the sender side, because the TCP options are
> identical. Software GRO can then be supported when MPTCP is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other conditions are met, the receiver-side software GRO can re-create the sender's
original pre-TSO packet because the TCP options of the segmented packets are all
identical.
```

> With hardware GRO, in theory, NIC's can use the same technique. But some of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With hardware GRO, in theory, NICs can use the same technique. But some of
```

> them, like many Intel ones, are more "cautious", and they will not merge TCP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
them, like many Intel cards, are more "cautious", and they will not merge TCP
```

packets if they contain non-supported TCP options, i.e. anything but TCP

> timestamps. With such NIC's, hardware GRO cannot work with MPTCP, and a fallback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
timestamps. With such NICs, hardware GRO cannot work with MPTCP and a fallback
```

to software GRO will be done.

> When comparing MPTCP performances with another protocol, it is then interesting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When comparing MPTCP performance with another protocol, it is then interesting
```
